WIP documentation for v1.4 (#134)
cmu-delphi/delphi-epidata: docs/api/covidcast_signals.md

* Number of data revisions since 19 May 2020: 0
* Date of last change: Never

### `safegraph`

This data source uses data reported by [SafeGraph](https://www.safegraph.com/)
using anonymized location data from mobile phones. SafeGraph provides [social
distancing metrics](https://docs.safegraph.com/docs/social-distancing-metrics)
to eligible researchers who obtain an API key. SafeGraph provides this data for
individual census block groups, using differential privacy to protect the
privacy of individual people in the data.

> Delphi aggregates the SafeGraph data from census block groups to counties, and
> makes this aggregated data freely available through the COVIDcast API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delphi creates features of the Safegraph data at the census block group level,
and then aggregates these features to the county and state levels.  The aggregated
data is freely available trhough the COVIDcast API.
```

This should be interpreted purely as an artifact of data reporting and
correction.

Smoothed versions of all the signals above are available with the prefix
`7dav_`, such as `7dav_confirmed_incidence_prop` and
`7dav_deaths_incidence_num`. These signals use report moving averages of the
preceding 7 days, so e.g. the signal for June 7 is the average of the underlying

> data for June 1 through 7, inclusive.

Author: Could someone check that this claim is true? I didn't actually read how the smoother works

Reviewer 2: ```
temp = np.append(np.nan*np.ones(k-1), x)
    y = np.convolve(temp, np.ones(k, dtype=int), 'valid') / k
```

with k=7. So modulo an edge effect at the beginning of time, that description is correct.
